# Detection-of-HLS-based-Structurally-Obfuscated-DSP-Designs-using-ML-Framework
The proposed combined non-obfuscated and structurally obfuscated feature database comprises of multiple instances related to various DSP IP designs [22] [25] [28] [14] [15]. The details of all the IP designs along with their transfer functions and CDFGs are available publicly in [16] [17] [18]. The proposed feature formulation code and generated database is also available in [16]. In the proposed work, structurally obfuscated designs corresponding to LU, THT, and LT are considered [22] [25]. Subsequently, the proposed database includes 21 unique features (FNOb and FOb) formulated corresponding to non-obfuscated and structurally obfuscated IP designs (shown in Table 1). In the database [16], 1st row defines the unique features (FNOb and FOb) and remaining 57 row defines multiple instances related to different DSP IP designs. Further, the final column displays the label (non-obfuscated → 0, and Structurally Obfuscated → 1) of each instance. 

[14]	A. Uma, P. Kalpana. (2021). Area efficient folded undecimator based ECG detector. Sci Rep 11,3756
[15]	Y. -J. Min, H. -K. Kim, Y. -R. Kang, G. -S. Kim, J. Park and S. -W. Kim, “Design of Wavelet-Based ECG Detector for Implantable Cardiac Pacemakers,” IEEE Trans. Biomed. Circuits Syst., vol. 7, no. 4, pp. 426-436, Aug. 2013
[16]	GitHub Repository, Available [Online]: https://github.com/vishbaba89/Detection-of-HLS-based-Structurally-Obfuscated-DSP-Designs-using-ML-Framework. 
[17]	DSP benchmarks for HLS, Indian Institute of Technology Indore, https://www.anirban-sengupta.com/HLS%20Benchmarks%20Details.pdf, accessed on November 2025. 
[18]	Express Benchmark Suite, University of California Santa Barbara (UCSB), http://www.ece.ucsb.edu/EXPRESS/benchmark/, November 2025. 
[22]	A. Sengupta, D. Roy, S. P. Mohanty and P. Corcoran, "DSP design protection in CE through algorithmic transformation based structural obfuscation," IEEE Trans. Consum. Electron., vol. 63, no. 4, pp. 467-476, 2017.
[25]	A. Sengupta and M. Rathor, "Enhanced Security of DSP Circuits Using Multi-Key Based Structural Obfuscation and Physical-Level Watermarking for Consumer Electronics Systems," IEEE Trans. Consum. Electron., vol. 66, no. 2, pp. 163-172, 2020.
[28]	A. Sengupta and R. Chaurasia, "Securing IP Cores for DSP Applications Using Structural Obfuscation and Chromosomal DNA Impression," in IEEE Access, vol. 10, pp. 50903-50913, 2022.
